Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Where do I start?
Well. I guess what I really want to say
is...
everything I am is because of where I come
from.
Eternia.
A world of endless beauty.
All that stuff that only exists in legends
and bedtime stories.
On Eternia. that stuff is real.
Gryphons. dragons. talking tigers...
enchanted forests. burning deserts.
islands in the sky. you name it.
I swear I'm not high.
And then. we've got Castle Grayskull.
My father once told me that Eternia is the
beating heart of the cosmos.
And Grayskull is the heart of that heart.
So. I guess the heart of the heart of the
heart is the power of Grayskull.
They say it can make a man as mighty as a
god.
To keep it safe. the power was bound
within a vessel.
An ancient sword they called the Sword of
Power.
Yeah. I know.
But that's what they went with.
Legend said that when
Eternia was in its greatest
need. a hero would step
forth and wield the sword.
And. you know. use it.
Awesomely.
Until that day. it was
locked away within the
castle under the watchful
eye of the sorceress.
Who was wise and ancient and a little
scary. to be honest.
But she's cool.
She's... she's cool.
For hundreds of years. Grayskull has remained
under the protection of my ancestors.
See. I come from a pretty impressive
lineage of mighty heroes.
Noble.
Strong.
Fearless.
Mom. I don't want to fight.
Everyone's bigger than me and stronger.
And I have poor hand-eye coordination.
Nonsense.
Who told you that?
Cringer.
It's true.
He's the smallest.
And the weakest.
It's a miracle he hasn't broken any bones.
Or died.
So what should the prince be doing instead
of arms training?
Hm?
I don't know.
Maybe hanging out and playing with
Cringer?
You go.
I'll find a ball of yarn and I'm good.
There's zero hope. you know?
Do I have to go?
Arms training.
Now.
Listen up!
Future finest of eternals.
There are no statues of losers.
No streets named after cowards.
And there are no parades for doing your
best.
This ground. that palace.
your entire lives are built
on the backs of men and
women who have won the fight.
And as your king's man-at-arms.
you can bet I won a lot of fights.
That's why we're all here.
I saved your mom and dad's asses.
I saved your neighbor's asses.
I saved your neighbor's mom and dad's
asses.
That is a lot of asses.
You know what?
The point is. I fought for you.
And now you are
going to fight for me with
keen reflexes. sure
aim. and glorious muscle.
And this.
Anybody know what it is?
It's a stick.
Thank you for stating the obvious.
Anybody else?
Teela.
Your arms.
That's my girl.
These are your arms.
They are an extension of you.
All right?
Partner up.
Arm up.
I want to see big. shiny bruises.
I want to see bloody noses.
I want to see chipped teeth.
Okay. let's go.
I want to see your weight.
Idiot.
If this was real. you would have just died
twice.
Adam.
Eyes up.
Look him in the eye when you smash him in
the face.
Harry. our next time it will be harder.
Maybe we could just sit down and talk
about this?
Hey. Adam.
Adam.
Just do what you can. okay?
Yeah.
Teela.
What kind of a friend are you?
The kind that's going to beat you.
Duncan.
How do you think our novices are faring?
They're a fine and diligent bunch.
sire.
Seriously.
All of them?
No dancing. Adam.
Mm-hmm.
Come on.
High five.
He's making a fool out of himself.
I promise to make him into a man.
And I will.
Yeah.
But what kind of man?
Adam.
Just hit me.
Oh. he did.
Disarm her.
That's not how this works. old friend.
Boy!
Face me with this.
I'll pick it up.
Now. defend yourself.
Not!
Dad!
This world is no place for the weak.
Yes. Dad.
Now see it.
This world is no place for the weak.
Get up!
When you fall...
this is your chance to stand tall.
Okay?
Now look strong.
When he turns around. he's gonna see you.
And you wanna show him you can take a hit.
When he turns around. he's not gonna see a
frightened little boy.
He's gonna see a man.
What's he gonna see?
A man.
Good.
Look.
As soon as he turns around...
walk it off that.
Show's over!
Back to work.
Let's go!
Adam?
Huh?
What are you doing here?
Following you.
Yeah?
Well. I came here to be alone.
so...
Don't be such a squank.
I didn't think you were weak. you know.
Today?
The training?
My dad did.
Is that...
the sorceress?
What is she looking at?
King Randall. we are under attack.
I don't think so!
I have this in hand. sire.
The royal guard had trained for this.
No!
I promise.
No harm will come
to you... or your family.
I'll get you safely to Grayskull.
Guards!
Hey. it's okay.
Stay close.
Dina. come on!
Dad. I'm scared.
Who taught you that word?
Huh?
Not me.
It's gonna be alright. Pat.
Whatever happens. as long as I'm here.
you have nothing to fear.
Okay?
Come on.
Go!
Go. go!
There's too many of them.
The bigger army only means one thing.
More targets.
Follow me.
I'm going this way.
Stay there.
Weak little palace boys.
Sire. go.
And don't stop.
Go.
I'll settle this.
Somebody wants a brawl.
That's far enough.
You can't go.
Go.
We'll take care of it.
Go!
How dare you come into my city!
Don't you know who you're messing with?
Why don't you tell me?
I am Duncan. Commander of the Royal Guard.
Ah!
The king's goddamn man at arms.
And today...
You failed.
Come on. on your feet. get up.
Come on. please.
Gina...
I failed.
Come on.
Hold on!
The
Randor comes to an end this night.
You believed yourself so strong you
stopped fearing what lurked in the shadows.
It was me.
I lurked.
In the deepest and darkest corners of the
universe.
I lurked.
But now I step into the light.
So you shall know.
Look upon your downfall.
Go.
Don't look back.
Adam.
Don't worry. my boy.
I have you.
Be strong. son.
I'll hold you.
Dad?
Go.
What would you do to me. you fiend?
I'm only going to cut off your head.
No matter my fate. Eternos will never be
yours.
Your palace is nothing but brick and
glass.
You're crowned a costume.
Now I want the power behind it.
Evelyn!
Well said. Lord Skeletor.
Poetry.
I've taken away his days of fun.
But the new dawn. Eternia. shall witness
my rise!
There.
That's it?
I've finished?
Of course. my lord.
When I raise my fist like that.
I'm done!
Yes.
That is the crescendo!
You'll know for the future. my lord.
They're coming!
Greyskull will fall!
No.
It will endure.
Bring the sword to me. child.
Yes. now hurry!
You must take the sword somewhere safe.
Somewhere far away from here.
Then let it be a place they will never
find him.
My home.
Adam.
You be safe.
And never forget where you came from.
That sword is mine.
Be a good lad and bring it to me.
Don't you dare come one step closer!
Mom!
Oh. darling.
My dear.
Do not lose the sword.
It's your only way home.
You carry the hope of Eternia.
Now go!
Anyway.
That's how I ended up in Oklahoma City.
What about you. Julie?
Is your family from around here?
I'm sorry.
Did you say Skeletor?
Yeah.
Yeah. I did.
Okay.
Um.
I have to take this.
It didn't ring.
No. I have to take it and leave.
Okay. Julie.
I'm sorry.
I know it sounds crazy.
Was it the sword thing?
The sword is actually just a vessel to
hold the power.
Like. uh. could be this cup. for example.
You know?
So now your cup is holding the power of
Greyskull.
Except it's not your cup.
It was my sword.
And I lost it that night.
You know. I'm not proud of that.
but I lost it.
And I'm gonna find it when I'm home.
When I do. it is going to show me the way
home.
No.
But they belong together.
I see.
Please don't do this.
You don't mean it.
Oh. hey.
What's up. brother?
You're home early.
I don't want to talk about it.
Oh.
Dude.
You told her?
Like. the whole thing?
The sorceress.
The talking green tiger.
Even the king dude's crushing
disappointment in your lack of masculinity?
Yeah.
Yeah. I probably should have left that
part out.
I mean. you tell some girl from Hinge that
you're from another planet. but you're
stuck here until you find this magic sword
that's going to get you home.
It just makes you sound a little... very
crazy.
The drawings of the ripped dude.
The stories you're telling...
The ripped in real life dude.
Okay?
Like. she asked
me... Where I'm from.
Like. what am I supposed to say?
That your parents were killed in some sort
of a traumatic event.
I'm so sorry. by the way.
And that you're blocking it out and you're
replacing it with this fantasy.
Like. isn't that what your therapist says?
You're saying that I should just forget
who I am.
My entire life's purpose.
Maybe your entire life's purpose is just
to not be weird.
You ever think about that?
Like. why can't you just
go to work. pay your rent.
live for the weekend. and
count the days till your next?
Next vacation.
Just like everyone else?
The assignment was draw your favorite
historical figure.
Rentmen is historical.
Oh.
Nope.
It's gonna be a good day.
I hear you.
I see you emotionally.
I feel you consensually.
I see you for who you really are.
And you can remind yourself of that with
our favorite mantra.
Let's all get up and say it together.
Let's all get up. okay?
I have the power to be the best version of
myself.
It might be his truth. but it's not my
truth.
I think we all need to be aligned on whose
truth we're talking about here.
I feel like what's happening is there's a
lot of truth talking going on.
But maybe what would be more constructive
is a little bit of truth listening. right?
I'm sorry. what?
You're in my spot.
What?
You're taking my spot.
I'm sorry.
Uh. hey. any advice for a new guy?
You know. like. some words of wisdom?
All right. kid.
You gotta get behind yourself.
not in front.
The front's a facade. but you back
yourself. there's nothing wrong with that.
There's nothing you can't achieve.
Cool.
Really cool.
Um. could you just run me through that.
like. one more time?
No.
That's all you get.
Good journey. kid.
Ding-dong!
Oh. hey!
Hi.
Um. do you have a moment to come talk to
me in my office real quick?
Uh. I was actually doing some.
uh. super important...
Uh. HR stuff.
I can see that.
Yeah. um. but I wasn't really asking.
It was more telling
you. so... Oh. okay.
Yeah. it's confusing.
Like. the tone's a little confusing.
It's like. is it a question or not?
It's not.
So. I will see you in. like. ten minutes?
Okay.
Okay. Susie.
Do you ever think about your future at
this company?
Uh. should I?
Okay.
Let me try to slide in there from a
different angle.
Um. you're good at your job.
You're friendly. honest. thoughtful.
People listen to you.
People like you.
But you seem distracted. and I don't ever
want to harsh anyone's buzz.
And if your buzz is nerd stuff and sword
things. that is awesome sauce.
But I wouldn't be doing my part if I
didn't give you this little ream job here.
Ream job?
Talking to. you know. stern boss lady over
here.
Can't be the fun friend.
But make a serious face right now.
Your hobby is causing your work to suffer.
How about we just ignore that for a
minute?
Okay.
This obsession with swords. um.
it's not a good look for human resources.
In fact. I'm going to have to fire you if
you don't get your shit together.
Oh. so this is like. um. like an
ultimatum.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah. you get it.
Woo!
Conflict is not my strong point.
Uh. you will be terminated if you don't
stop looking for weapons on the clock.
You're freaking people out.
Especially Daryl.
God. I hate Daryl.
Look. you don't understand.
I am nothing without that sword.
Okay.
Moment of truth.
Are you going to live here in reality?
Or are you just going to waste your life
away like some kind of daydream Jimmy.
not having any goals. not having any way
to stop yourself from touching the film?
I can see your hand.
If I could just touch it for one second.
No. just don't pick it up.
Just see what it says.
Please don't.
Actually. don't.
I'm doing it.
Okay. you did it.
All right.
Adam?
Oh. wow.
I gotta go.
Wait.
Adam.
You can't just... If you walk out that
door. you can kiss this place goodbye.
Consensually.
Okay.
I think I'm here.
Meet me inside.
Well. how will I know
it's... You'll know.
It's you. right?
Pretty sure.
Yeah.
Tight.
You have my sword?
No.
I don't think so.
No sword?
No.
Okay.
Well. then. you're not you.
Sorry?
Yeah.
You got my sword?
What?
Have you got my sword?
Like me.
It's me.
What the hell. man?
You literally ask everyone in the store if
they got a sword?
Yeah.
Well. they all look like they have swords.
I have a wizard staff at home.
Get away from him.
This is as far as I can take you.
What?
What am I supposed to do with that?
Oh.
Your problem. dude.
I was never here.
Hey.
You can't do that.
Oh.
Don't worry.
The sword's mine.
Okay.
Sir. please get off of Torak.
Torak is on me.
Oh.
Got it.
I got it.
Sir. please stop ravishing the pillager.
He's ravishing me.
Sir. that sword is not for sale.
I'm not buying it.
I'm taking it!
In just a second. I'm going to vanish into
a brilliant blast of light.
Or something cool.
By the power of Grayskull. I have to go
home!
Grayskull. just take me home?
Are you single?
What the hell?
I hate it when you make me laugh.
Even worse when you make me cry.
Is that the... Sort of power.
Yeah.
It is.
Please work.
Do something.
Great.
Hey.
Cool sword. Highlander.
Yeah. nice sword there. Rip Van... King
Arth...
What even are you?
Highlander?
Oh.
Idiots.
Hang tight.
What is going on?
Adam?
Is it really you?
You don't recognize me?
Huh?
Still such a squink.
Tila?
Ready to go home?
Oh my god.
It's not you he's after.
It's this.
The sword sent a signal.
What took you so long to raise it?
I kinda misplaced it.
Misplaced?
First?
It's been 15 years.
Okay. on the count of three.
One... No. I don't want to run.
Two... I can't do it.
Three. come on.
Jump!
What?
No!
Ah!
What's wrong with you?
Okay.
Where are we going?
My ship.
Up there.
Up where?
Oh.
Yeah.
Cool.
Ship. open up.
Opening hull door.
You know what?
I told you guys it was real.
Not you guys.
Specifically.
Just...
You know. you kind of represent like a lot
of the people in my life who doubted me.
Adam. come on.
Ship. let's get out of here.
Now.
Getting out of here now.
Hang on.
It's about to get weird.
Okay.
Ship. fold space.
Folding space and getting weird.
I
can't believe it's you.
Yeah.
It's me.
You've gotten so big.
Not big.
As in you've aged.
Well.
You've aged well.
You've grown old-older.
You haven't changed at all.
Well.
Adam. you don't know how bad it's been.
I mean. everything changed since you left.
Your parents?
Skeletor took them.
That night.
Oh my God.
And. um. we never saw them... again.
I can't believe I'm finally home.
I would manage your expectations.
Skeletor never wanted Eternos.
He just didn't want anyone else to have
it.
Why would he do this?
Because he's bad.
There's got to be more to it than that.
He has a skull for a face.
We have to leave.
It's too dangerous to be out in the open.
Sorry. sir.
I wasn't sure if you were awake or not.
my lord.
Fetch my star. swine.
Sir.
Careful.
If you drop it. I'll have you ground into
sausage meat.
Just like your mother.
I'm sorry.
My lord Skeletor.
The beast has returned.
Oh. violent villainous Skeletor.
Sadistic overlord of evil.
Oh. do shut off.
On your knees.
Lower.
Tell me you have the sword.
I found it. my lord.
But the woman Teela took it.
Please stop.
This really hurts. my lord.
Teela?
The whelp of the king's man-at-arms.
Intelligence reports her ship flying recon
over Eternos just this morning.
Then the sword is here.
We must follow her and see where she runs.
That is already in hand. my lord.
Why are you still here?
Bring me that sword. you hath-sued
half-wit.
What am I. you limb?
Am I not mighty?
My lord. you are the mightiest.
Have I not gone out of
my way to show the people
of Eternia that I am a
just and worthy ruler?
You have killed thousands of them to prove
it.
But what is it worth?
My lord. if I may...
You have already won.
You have a vast army at your command.
your staff of havoc. your throne of bones.
You have... me.
Do you really need more?
You can all be taken away. don't you see?
My staff can be taken away. you can be
taken away. all of it.
And then... what have I?
My lord. you
are... I am nothing!
As long as that sword
remains in someone else's
hand. any power I
have is only temporary.
I need more than impermanence.
I am no mere king.
I am a devil.
But I mean to be a god.
Where are you taking me?
The royal... or what's the left of us.
anyway?
The royal guard is here?
You've been hiding?
The Skeletor would never look for us here.
And now that we have the sword.
we can beat him.
Keep it close.
And try not to draw attention to yourself.
Is that what people wear on Earth?
Actually. no.
Not really.
Don't stare.
I have eyes on the sword.
My eyes!
Okay.
Let me do the talking.
These guys might be a bit upset with...
Where have you been?
You were supposed to be on patrol.
Skeletor's goons are everywhere.
I found the Sword of Power.
What?
There.
And the man carrying it is the son of King
Randor.
Thor. the long-lost prince of Aeternos.
Hi. sir.
It's. uh...
It's a real thrill to be here.
This is no son of the king.
He is.
And he can prove it.
I can?
Yes.
So...
I remember watching you as a kid with my
dad and seeing you lead combat drills.
What?
Is that an earthquake?
Who is this little oik?
Rain Man?
What did you call me?
You know. cause...
Well. I called you that because
he looks like a... Looks like what?
A man...
who rams.
Imposter.
You don't know us.
No. no. no.
I do know you.
But...
I've been telling people about you guys my
whole life.
When I was a kid. I'd make these drawings
so I'd never forget you.
Is that so?
Yeah.
Well. who am I then?
Your...
Fisto.
I know that's not your proper
name. but... You know...
You fist people. so...
I don't fist people.
I'm pretty sure I saw you fist a goblin
one time.
Adam!
This is the savior of Eternia?
Look. I know he's not what I expected
either. okay?
But I swear. it's him.
I mean. I tracked down the
sword of power... Let me see this.
And it led me to...
Stop squirming. you!
This guy.
Give it!
Thank you.
I'll be honest. I thought this would go
better.
We're gonna need a minute to talk this
over.
Sure. yeah. yeah.
Let's talk it over.
Adam!
It's Dina. right?
Dina?
Dion.
Dion. yes!
Alright. this is super crazy. but...
We used to go to school together.
You used to push me into the locker room.
Oh. did it hurt?
Whoa.
Dion?
I think you locked it.
An accident.
Fisto?
It's because he has a massive...
I was ten. okay?
We have to get out of here.
Smells like a urinal in here.
Oh.
Tim.
Yeah. totally fair.
Is that a class four battle bot?
What?
No. it's nothing.
Service bot.
Glorified maid.
Charming.
Well. class fours are the deadliest super
soldiers ever engineered.
Just one of these bots is worth about
fifteen soldiers.
It's actually twenty.
Dope.
It looks like the Sword of Power.
I thought.
Well. that's just because my hand is so
big.
And your big hand is your other hand.
Well. this one's pretty big too.
That's why the sword looks so small when I
hold it.
Captain?
Yeah. go ahead.
We may have a situation out front.
They're coming for the sword.
We have to get out of here.
Miss.
You don't belong down here mopping the
floors.
You can join us.
As a servant?
No. as a soldier.
Adam. can you please stop making friends
with the appliances?
I'll join you.
On the condition that I don't make any
food.
I don't wash anything.
And any fluids of any type that come out
of you are yours.
To deal with.
Got it?
Wait.
Hold on.
Help me get him up.
I can't leave him.
What?
The drunk guy?
Dad. wake up.
Why did you call him dad?
He's my dad.
Dad. wake up.
Keep it down.
Duncan?
Are you going to help me get him up or
not?
Yeah.
Oh my god. he's heavy.
Yeah. good idea.
Who's this guy?
I know you.
Well. yeah. yeah.
Um...
A long time ago when I was a kid.
you used to train me.
Sword fighting?
Hand-to-hand combat?
Oh. you berated me.
kicked me while I was down.
demoralized me. totally
destroyed my self-esteem.
Who?
Uh... Adam.
I'm... Adam.
I'm not cleaning that up.
Nobody asked you to clean it up.
Wait a minute.
I know who you are.
You're Randall. son.
Yeah.
It's me.
Sweet little Adam.
Adam!
I took this so cool.
You remember me.
Weedy.
Namby-pamby. like... Whoa.
Weak.
Okay. I don't think I was...
Namby-pamby?
Alright. that's it.
We're leaving.
Come on.
We gotta go. Dad.
Let's go.
No. no. no.
I'm perfectly fine right here.
You guys leave.
I'm staying here next to this vomit.
We're gonna have to carry him.
Mm-hmm.
Oh. I see.
Thank you so much for inviting me on this
exciting adventure.
I can walk.
I said I can walk!
This way.
The sword is here.
Find it.
As far away from him as possible.
Go!
We gotta go.
We're coming!
What's going on here?
Yeah.
Hey!
Asshole robot!
I told you.
He can walk.
Uh. you might wanna die.
You might wanna get... Roboto!
Roboto!
Can you please deploy battle mode for like
one second?
Are you trying to be funny?
She's a service bot.
Duncan reprogrammed her years ago.
You're damn right I did.
Maybe I nearly shot my head off.
It was a malfunction.
Yeah. right.
Run.
What the hell is this?
Stop shooting at me!
Follow me!
Did she jump?
I was not expecting that.
Yeah. me neither.
You want me to carry Duncan?
Would you call me?
Okay. Duncan. you good?
Never better.
Whoa!
How is
he not dead yet?
Dad?
I'm dead.
I'm okay.
Come out. cowards!
Trapjaw.
Who?
It's from my drawings.
No. no. no.
Dad?
We're trapped.
There's nowhere left to run!
Maybe... maybe I could talk to him.
Start a dialogue.
Is he out of his mind?
I do this for work all the time.
I'm actually kind of good at it.
Hey. no.
I'll be right back.
Hello!
Mr. Trap Jaw!
Hi there!
Wait.
Can I talk to you for a second?
I just want to de-escalate
the situation here because
it feels like emotions
are running super high.
Oh. they are. are they?
And who might you be?
I'm Adam. Prince of...
Okay.
I see that we're heading into conflict
territory here.
Stop talking.
Okay.
And conflict resolution relies on
effective communication. right?
Use the sword!
Use the sword?
Which sword?
Say your words.
Well...
By the power.
..
... ... By the power By
the power of Greyskull.
BY THE POWER OF GREYSKULL!
The
champion of Greyskull.
...
We're saved.
We're screwed.
That's
what I taught you!
That's not okay.
It's good. it's good.
We gotta move.
Come on.
Let's go.
You guys see that?
I ripped that dude's arm off and I shot
all his friends.
I saw that. man.
I saw it.
You fools.
You doleful blockheads!
My lord.
Ah. you pathetic. pale and pitiful
pisshants.
I want that sword.
Do you hear me?
It's mine.
Mine. mine. mine. mine. mine. mine.
mine!
And I will have it.
Do you hear me?
I will have it.
Did you?
You.
You will get it for me.
Do you understand?
After them!
Get the sword!
Maybe I should fly.
You're not flying. Dad.
You're doing great. Teela.
Not now. Adam.
Okay.
Son of a... Breach.
Full breach.
Shit.
Run analytics.
Running analytics.
My hull is breached.
Got it.
Just saying.
I have a lot of experience when it comes
to. like. you know...
Do you want to walk. Dad?
Because I'll make you walk.
Ah. shit.
Teela?
Go out there and shoot some bad guys.
Okay.
Skyslide.
In the back.
I'm on it.
Skyslide.
Not you.
What?
Definitely not you.
Okay.
Come on. guys.
Oh. God.
Oh. my God.
We're losing altitude.
Yo. if you put less pressure
on the else... Not one word.
Whoa!
Each one of them is...
...you're already dead.
Oh. God!
You're dead?
No.
You're...
We're not going to make it.
It's in a hole in the studies again!
Oh. says the drunk guy.
Alright.
Adam?
Hey!
Look out behind you!
Get out of there. you moron!
What?
You can really fly.
I don't want to hear it.
Then. sergeants of Etania!
Your long reprieve has come to an end.
You are done.
Well. if you would live to see another
morning.
I now demand your fealty.
Do you know what that means. miscreant?
It means...
I shall kill you one by one until you tell
me the name of that insolent barbarian.
And you know who I mean.
Muscles. loincloth. all of a tan.
big. shiny sword.
No?
Very well.
You.
Evelyn. who is this?
Um... Moss...man.
He'll do.
No!
Watch. fallen heroes of Etania!
As he begs for his miserable life.
Go on.
Beggar.
Oh. look. darling.
I made mulch.
Very good.
Here.
So I ask again... Who is the
warrior who fought for you today?
No more.
I'll tell.
Oh. please do.
It's the young prince returned from the
dead.
Is it indeed?
Take them all away.
Lock them up.
Let this maiden burn to the ground!
They're not gonna follow us in here.
Not without reinforcements.
I'm gonna go look for Adam while there's
still light.
No. no. no. no.
You leave that to me.
Really. Dad.
I got it.
Tita. this is what I do.
Did.
This is what you did.
I am handling this.
Stay here.
Where am I?
Who am I?
You are he who will restore peace to our
land.
To Eternia.
The champion of Greyskull.
Adam!
Thanks. Zodak.
You're alive.
I think you just shooed off the sorceress.
That's not the sorceress.
I really think that that was the
sorceress.
Sure.
Are you hurt?
Weirdly. not at all.
Good.
Come on.
It's getting dark.
We'll camp here tonight.
Get moving first thing tomorrow.
What?
Nothing.
Just haven't seen you like this in a
while.
Well. a man at arms is in here somewhere.
I hope you find him.
Hey. wait a second.
What do we got here?
Who's up for a drink?
Dad.
Are you serious?
What?
Come on.
Sit down.
Let's crack open a few. tell some stories.
sing some songs.
If we don't celebrate the
small victories... Victory?
What victory?
Well. we didn't die.
Oh. that's a victory for you?
Tila. I say we earned it.
You've been earning it for 15 years.
Ah. more for you and me.
Come on. sit down.
Here's to the return of the sword and the
champion of Grayskull.
Ripping some dude's arm
off doesn't really seem like
the kind of thing that
we should be celebrating.
Well. it was you or him.
Like. whatever happened
to understanding and
listening and just
talking to one another?
Oh. talk.
What are you gonna do when a guy charges
towards your family with a sword?
Okay. I get it.
What I'm supposed to say.
You fight him. right?
No.
You protect them.
You're thinking about it all wrong.
I mean. you scoff at the trigger-happy
grunts.
Look how backward
they all are. but when the
war breaks out. it's not
the poets that step up.
It's the man with the muscle.
And he's not doing it for glory.
He's doing it so his... his children can
see another morning.
That is a man. as far as I can tell.
He stands up when he is needed.
Like you did.
Speaking of which. you. uh. you weren't
bad earlier on.
That's the nicest thing you've ever said
to me.
I mean. your form is a little shoddy.
Your technique could do some
work. but. uh... There he is.
Not bad.
There's the Duncan I remember.
Hey.
Can you come help me with this?
It is quite heavy. so if you could
just. uh... Oh. my God. yeah.
Your. um...
Your loincloth
is in my... Sorry.
Fine.
So...
How does it feel to be the mighty warrior?
Uh...
All things considered. I feel...
pretty great.
Not quite sure what happened to my shirt.
though.
Or my... pants.
Do those come back. or...
I have to buy a new pair every time?
I really missed you. you know?
Me. too.
I thought about you...
All the time.
Me. too.
Honestly. there wasn't a day went by I
didn't think about you.
Me. too.
And how much...
Our friendship means to me.
Hmm?
You were always such a good friend.
Like. a really. really good friend.
You know. practically a little brother.
Mm.
Yeah. you've always been my friend.
and you'll always be my friend.
and nothing will change that.
Not ever.
I know.
Well. let's go confiscate that flask
before my dad starts singing.
Yeah. we don't want that.
Yeah.
Behold. insignificant
wretches. it's I.
Skeletor. and you are
butt-worms beneath my feet.
Butt-worms?
He's just called us butt-worms.
Yet there is one among you who thinks he
has a higher purpose.
It seems the prodigal prince has returned.
But this is not your returning anymore.
Prince Adam.
It is mine. and so is everything in it.
including that sword you carry.
for it is fit for a far mightier hand than
yours.
So...
Here is my magnanimous offer.
Bring the sword of power to
me at Snake Mountain. and
you might yet be reconciled
with your mummy and daddy.
Yes. they're alive and well.
Okay. not well. but they're alive.
Imagine you could be a happy family.
together again.
Or... They could die.
Horribly.
And that will forever be on you.
And how heavy will that sword weigh in
your hand then. Champion of Greyskull?
I have to leave.
Adam.
Adam. it's a trap.
We can't let Skeletor get his hands on the
sword.
He'd be unstoppable.
I'm not going to give him the sword.
I'm going to kill him with it.
This is Skeletor we're talking about.
You can't just charge into this.
I have the power of a god in my hands!
But you are not a god!
You're a man!
He took my family. Teela.
I have to save them.
It's what a man does.
Alright?
You sound like my dad.
Is that a bad thing?
We'll see.
Hey!
I'm going with you or without you.
Adam!
We're with you.
Every step of the way.
It's like they want to die all the time.
Not now.
Come on.
Snake Mountain is this way.
We don't know what's in there.
I'm in there.
Follow my lead.
Hold it.
Hi.
I'm Adam.
Prince of Eternia.
Defender of the secrets of Castle
Grayskull.
And I carry with me the Sword of Power.
Surrender your weapon to me.
I won't give the sword to Skeletor.
And Skeletor only.
Keep the sword.
Guards!
Take this one and his gorgeous muscles to
Lord Skeletor.
The rest will come with me.
Prepare the dungeons.
Adam. you give him the help.
Tell of you.
Is it?
Shall I give you to the moment?
Dad?
Adam?
Is it you?
Yeah.
It's me.
Terrible reconciliations can wait.
Now give me the sword.
Release him.
I said it first.
Release him!
You don't want to play that game with me.
naughty boy.
I play to win and...
...and cheat.
Take it!
You can try.
No!
It's not over.
Never again.
Go!
For a good Evelyan. he's... he's frozen.
Bravo. Prince Otym.
Quiet. Bashar.
But to what end?
Face me like a man.
Well. A. I don't have a face. and B.
I don't want to.
Besides. it's my turn to put on a show.
What do you think. Papa?
Shall I let him watch as I slay you with
his own sword?
Oh. yes.
No!
Adam?
Let me see you.
And there you are.
Ah. you took your time... when you came
back.
Yeah.
I have changed so much.
I'm not that. uh...
I'm not that weak little boy anymore.
Yeah.
No. I'm everything you wanted me to be.
I want...
What do I want you to be?
Someone else.
Oh...
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. I...
That's not what I wanted.
As a boy. you were so very small.
The world just...
just seemed so big for you.
So I tried to make you strong.
Because I wanted...
I wanted to protect you.
It's the only way I knew how.
There are...
There are so many things...
I should have said.
Dad...
It's okay.
It's... It's okay.
I wish I understood better then.
I wish I had let you...
be you.
No.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Wait.
Dad. you...
You can't close your eyes yet.
I... I... I didn't... I
didn't get to say it yet.
I...
I... I need you to...
hear...
hear me say it.
So you both submit.
Are you okay. Dad?
You changed back.
Mom.
He's gone.
Oh. so long I've waited.
Now I shall be reborn.
And the universe shall quake in my shadow.
By the power of Greyskull. I have the
power!
Was that right?
Did I mess up the words?
No. those are the words.
Once more with feeling. perhaps?
Don't test me. woman.
Why isn't it working?
What?
Tell me why it isn't working.
There's a ritual I can perform.
If we return the sword to Greyskull.
to its altar. I promise you it will work.
It had better.
Prepare my ship!
Hey. lad.
You wanna talk?
Adam. I'm not very good with. um...
talking. you know. about. uh. what's.
you know...
you know. uh. what's going on inside.
you know. the. uh...
Feelings?
Yeah.
That.
But here's what I do know.
I know how it feels to fail.
To find out that you are not who you
thought you were.
It's better she thinks of
me as an old drunk who's
worth saving than an old
man who's worth nothing.
I failed her.
I failed you. Adam.
I promised that I would protect...
all of you and...
and I couldn't.
You remember what you used to tell me
when...
I'd get my ass beat as a kid?
Yeah.
I used to say. Drop and give me 20.
No.
You used to say...
You gotta get back up...
and stand tall.
Maybe we should both try together.
What do you say?
I'd like that.
Ugh.
Stop.
Hi.
I brought someone here to see you.
Hmm?
Cringer?
Oh. my God.
Is it okay if I lick you now?
Uh. yeah. sure.
Oh. wow.
I missed you. buddy.
I can't believe you're here.
I can't believe we're all here.
All the heroes of Eternia.
Adam?
You okay?
Yeah.
I think I am.
Gather round!
Come on!
Gather round for the war room.
Not a war room.
Just a seminar.
Seminar.
Okay.
Gather in for the war seminar.
Come on.
If I could just have your attention.
please.
I'd just like to take a moment to ideate
on an escape strategy.
A what?
Is this supposed to be a battle speech?
Team building.
Yeah.
Who is this guy?
Yeah. who are you?
I'm Adam. Prince of Eternia.
Excuse me.
Hi.
Yeah. I thought Adam was dead.
Hey.
Put your neck away.
Let him talk.
No.
Not dead.
As you can see. very much alive.
What did he say?
Speak up.
We can't hear you.
Okay.
Sorry.
So when I was on Earth. I learned
that success in the workplace
doesn't come down to one man.
or woman. or whatever that is.
Person.
You know?
It comes down to many people working
together.
Workplace?
We're in a dungeon.
No.
I know that.
Um.
Look.
I know most of you don't know me.
but I know all of you.
Mekonek.
Heroic human periscope.
And Ram Man.
Yeah. Ram.
And you're a man.
Hell yeah. I do.
And you!
Fisto!
You fist people!
Yes. I do!
And Deon!
You pushed me into the lockers when I was
a kid.
Hell yeah. I do.
I know all of you.
I kept you close to my heart.
Eternia is a part of me.
It's my home.
And I'm going to fight for it.
But I'm not going to fight for it.
But I can't do it alone.
I need your help.
Working alone. it brought me here.
It brought us all here.
Right?
But if we work together. we can change
that.
See. we got to get behind ourselves.
Not in front.
In front is just a facade.
But we back ourselves.
There's nothing we can't achieve.
Together.
So we're going to take back our home.
Together!
Here's to Alan!
To Alan!
It's Adam. dude!
Adam.
What can we do in here?
These bars are Photanium.
There's no breaking them.
These walls are rock.
Fisto.
Rayman.
All you guys.
I got one question.
How much do you bench?
What is bench?
Oh. God.
Kill anyone who approaches the women and
children first.
Good boy.
Come here. Lillian.
The end is nigh.
So you think you can fix her?
Make her battle ready again?
I don't know.
Last time she was operational.
was she trying to kill me?
Accident.
It was an accident.
She always says that.
Well. I trust her.
So... I... Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Do not assassinate me.
Okay?
Wait.
You were carrying that around this whole
time?
Uh-huh.
Now. as we agreed.
We're going to do this.
No killing me.
I made no promises.
That was good.
Okay.
Now.
Here we are.
Born to be kings.
We're the princes of the universe.
Fighting to survive.
In a war with the darkest powers.
We're the princes of the universe.
I can't breathe.
My lungs are burning.
I think I'm going to be sick.
Why is it so dusty?
They're escaping!
Don't let them get away!
Princes of the universe.
We're the princes of the universe.
Alright. you filthy skull particle!
We're here for your love.
Where do you keep the ships?
Take cover!
Forward...!
It's other way around...
A little pause... and we are back.
They're coming.
The bottom and I will hold them off while
you guys do your thing.
Dad?
Are you sure you can handle this?
No.
I am not sure. but I'm gonna give it my
best shot.
I know you will.
You're so strong.
Stronger than I ever was.
You're the man that I wished I could be.
Um. thanks?
Yeah. come here.
I love you guys.
Oh.
That was really puve.
Adam. we're kinda having a moment here.
So. uh...
I just want to get out of here.
Okay.
Thank you.
That was nice.
No.
Nice moment.
The three of us.
Okay.
Go.
Yeah. we'll go.
Great.
Is it too late to back out of this?
Shouldn't I be wearing armor or something?
This seems dangerous.
Pussy.
Teela.
Really?
He's not a pussycat.
He's a battle cat.
No. I'm not.
Yeah. you are.
I'm not that.
Okay.
Just this once.
Get on.
Next time I am definitely wearing armor.
Let's fish them bad guys!
Give him head. Radman!
I'm sorry.
Now let me show you what a real man does
with power.
Defend yourself. witch.
How about this?
You and I sneak out of here.
Let them slug it out.
Nice try.
You are your father's daughter.
Hell yeah. I am.
Hey. let's crush their party.
I got my invitation right here.
No. if you have an invitation.
you're not the leader.
R.S.P.P.. I'm about to shoot these
assholes.
You're really making a mess of this party
metaphor.
This felt great. right?
Man. I'm not gonna get to that castle.
Not as long as I'm standing.
You've barely been upright since I met
you.
Hey. you got any missiles left?
Yes.
One.
That's all we need.
We need to get out of here before this.
One. two. three.
R.S.P.P.. let's go get him.
R .S .P .P.. I know you're in trouble just
the right place.
R.S.P.P.
Oh. right.
Remember me?
You remember who I used to be?
Command of the Royal Guard!
Kings!
Mad at arms?
Today?
I'm a new man.
No!
Hey.
Don't look in.
Who battle?
Don't you go powering down on me.
I think it doesn't matter.
Existence is a series of absurdities
leading to an infinite nothingness.
That's my girl.
Stand still. you muscle-bound oaf!
I'm trying to annihilate you!
Well. would you look at that?
It seems your sword is worthless.
Nothing more than a cheap toy to play
with.
That's not possible.
I'm curious.
Without this. what are you?
Who are you?
Let's have a look.
Could I live with you Adam?
I was never really buying that whole
beefcake barbarian thing.
I don't think you ever were the tough guy.
I suspect you were the runt.
And those that didn't bully you.
There.
They felt sorry for you.
Catch.
It wasn't like that.
No?
No.
What was it like?
What?
Your home planet.
What was it like?
Well. it was. um...
It was beautiful.
Like
nothing you've ever seen before.
Oh. my God.
Have you ever been to Sedona?
Well. now this place is more your...
Full of grays and beiges and a constant
humiliating failure.
Adam. can this wait?
I have a performance review with Daryl.
Who's the demon. Adam?
He's the bad guy.
He broke my sword.
Here we go again with the sword.
Well. I conquered an entire planet.
You owe me a...
What even is this?
It's human resources.
Human resources?
Well done. you naughty boy.
Oh. come on.
Oh. you could pretend to be the hero with
your giant muscles.
That big long sword dangling between your
glorious thighs.
But you'll always be a failure.
Eternia isn't your home.
It's a dream of something you're not.
And that dream is over.
Hey. Adam.
You okay?
Yeah.
I just think I might have died.
Damn.
Uh... That's heavy. brother.
Well. you let me know if you need
anything.
I think you might have...
dropped one.
So...
There you go.
Kind of convenient to die right before the
rent is due.
No. I'll handle it.
Get up.
It's Talking Bird.
Yes.
That's weird.
Uh. you had a talking cat.
That's a fair point.
So this is it. huh?
I'm dead?
Perhaps.
Get up.
How can I get up if I'm dead. huh?
You have the power.
No.
Not anymore.
The sword's broken.
What sword?
The sword of power.
Oh. that.
What about it?
It's the sword of power.
Whosoever wields the sword shall hold the
power.
Adam. when you hold aloft your magic
sword. what words do you say?
By the power of Greyskull.
Yes.
Go on.
I have the power.
That's right.
You have the power.
Not the sword.
You.
I chose you.
In the hands of past champions.
the power has been brute strength.
But in yours...
it becomes so much more.
It is understanding.
It is empathy.
It is humanity.
That is why I chose you as the vessel.
Adam.
I am the vessel.
Now you're ready.
By the power of
Greyskull... I have the power!
Oh. balls.
Skeletor...
I have a proposition for you.
Why don't we...
end this cycle of violence...
and talk?
Just talk.
Yes?
You destroyed my world.
You have caused so much pain and
suffering.
And maybe that's because you couldn't be
king.
Maybe it's because you weren't loved
enough as a child.
It doesn't matter to me who you are.
What matters... is what you do.
So...
do something... right.
Hmm...
Oh. you... POOB.
You muscle-bound milquetoast!
There is no rice that will be done here!
There is no good in me that you might
uncover!
.
There is nothing you can say that will
change my nature.
I am a villain.
Does it feel good?
Look
at you. a feeble. worthless child.
Yes. you may have the power. but you're
too scared to use it.
And you don't even know how.
I know how to use it.
But... I just prefer not to.
Is that... is that all you've got?
I was pulling my punches.
You want to talk?
Okay.
How do you want to talk about it?
The time for talk is over.
Get up. squink.
There you are.
Action.
So that was nice. the way you took that
guy and I squeezed his hand.
So?
We killed all of them.
What do you think?
This is a little revealing.
Oh. no.
Hey. Adam.
Hey.
How's it going with your. uh...
your feelings and such?
Good. good. yeah.
I want you to know...
if you ever want to talk...
I'm here.
Great.
Or. if you want to
arm wrestle... Ha.
Or you want me to beat you with a stick.
Oh.
Also.
All right.
Likewise.
Eternia's finest.
Look at them.
All the heroes you drew from your
childhood.
Ram Man...
Fisto...
and...
what did you call that guy again?
Oh. it's Mechanic.
Right.
Annoying.
Yeah.
Did you ever have a name for me?
Uh...
Warrior...
Goddess?
Oh.
Well. because I was just a
kid. so... Yeah. like. it's strong.
Wow. that's...
Wouldn't... That's great.
I wouldn't look too much into that.
You had a name for yourself. too.
didn't you?
No.
Yeah. you did.
Come on.
Tell us.
You're gonna laugh.
Probably. but tell us.
What is it?
He-Man.
What?
That's worst than I thought it was gonna
be.
Isn't that redundant?
What does it mean?
It's like a... like
a strong man.
Like a... like a
masculine fellow.
Yeah.
What?
Is it too macho?
No.
No. it's...
Clever.
Yo. what do you think?
Uh... Yeah.
Yeah. man.
This is...
I know.
Cool.
Like. it's cool to see that it was all
real and I wasn't a crazy person.
Yeah. you know. now I'm standing next to a
green tiger. like. who the fuck?
But hey. thank you for coming to get me to
prove it was all real.
Oh. my red light's blinking.
I'm getting a distress signal from an
Avian village.
Sounds like a job for He-Man.
He-Man.
Yes. I am gonna go and do that thing.
See?
Over there.
So...
Grinch.
Do we have to?
Is he running off to change in secret
again?
Yep.
Does he think we all forgot?
Pretty much everyone knows.
I mean. we could just look the other
direction if that's easier.
Yeah.
Nah.
Let him do his thing.
In today's story. we saw that muscles
don't necessarily make a man.
And that having a skull for a face pretty
much guarantees you're the bad guy.
Until next time.
We're the monsters of the...
I'd given up hope.
Of both of them.
Or perhaps one day she'll come back to us
too.
Force captain... Adora?
No.
Not anymore.
I must say. you've looked better.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app